README.md, before:


# knee_knee App

A Wearble Goniometer support application.
Knee Knee App supports Goniometer wearable device which is designed to track changes in the angle of movement in the knee of TKR(Total knee replacement) patients.
(know more: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6195503/)

## Problem: 

After knee replacement surgery, certain complications may arise such as 
- Pain in the joint
- Inflammation
These complications may increase the chances of surgery failure. Thus, a doctor demands for multiple follow-ups. 

Also, the movement of the knee (flexion) in the initial days is very important for recovery to ensure the success of the surgery. To monitor movement and thus improvements, a patient has to go for follow-ups. With restricted movement, it is difficult for a patient to go for follow-ups.

A digital Goniometer will help patients to record movement in the knee and share the data with the healthcare provider without visiting the clinic. This shall allow doctors to observe the improvements in the knee movement with respect to time and quantify the progress.


## Screen Shots

| S1      | S2     | S3     |
|------------|-------------|-------------|
| ![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Apurv2017/knee_knee/master/assets/img/Screenshot_20191022-132452.png) | ![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Apurv2017/knee_knee/master/assets/img/Screenshot_20191022-132504.png)| ![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Apurv2017/knee_knee/master/assets/img/Screenshot_20191022-132513.png) |

## Hardware Rendering (by other team member)

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Apurv2017/knee_knee/master/assets/img/HardwareRender.png)

Commit message:

Update Readme, add tech stack used

README.md, after:


# knee_knee App

A Wearble Goniometer support application.
Knee Knee App supports Goniometer wearable device which is designed to track changes in the angle of movement in the knee of TKR(Total knee replacement) patients. 

- HCO5 Bluettooth module is used to transfer data between app and sensors
- App is built using Flutter

(know more about clinical concept: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6195503/)

## Problem: 

After knee replacement surgery, certain complications may arise such as 
- Pain in the joint
- Inflammation
These complications may increase the chances of surgery failure. Thus, a doctor demands for multiple follow-ups. 

Also, the movement of the knee (flexion) in the initial days is very important for recovery to ensure the success of the surgery. To monitor movement and thus improvements, a patient has to go for follow-ups. With restricted movement, it is difficult for a patient to go for follow-ups.

A digital Goniometer will help patients to record movement in the knee and share the data with the healthcare provider without visiting the clinic. This shall allow doctors to observe the improvements in the knee movement with respect to time and quantify the progress.


## Screen Shots

| S1      | S2     | S3     |
|------------|-------------|-------------|
| ![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Apurv2017/knee_knee/master/assets/img/Screenshot_20191022-132452.png) | ![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Apurv2017/knee_knee/master/assets/img/Screenshot_20191022-132504.png)| ![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Apurv2017/knee_knee/master/assets/img/Screenshot_20191022-132513.png) |

## Hardware Rendering (by other team member)

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Apurv2017/knee_knee/master/assets/img/HardwareRender.png)
